THIS IS HOMEPAGE CONTENT FROM THE COMPANY THAT CSU USED TO USE FOR THEIR JUDGING PLATFORM FOR THEIR SYMPOSIUM SUBMISSIONS:

Symposium by ForagerOne
Skip navigation
Home
Features
Case Studies
Pricing
Discover Events
Login
Sign Up
The simplest way to host amazing academic events.
Symposium is an all-in-one events platform designed for research organizations. With all the functionality you need and without the hassle of complex event management software, you can focus on bringing your community together to do what matters: share, inspire, innovate.

Trusted by 150+ leading organizations

Johns Hopkins University
HudsonAlpha
Caltech
The University of Tennessee
Northwestern
Texas A&M University
Carleton
EPSCOR
video overview of Symposium
Uniquely built for content sharing
Curate all types of content for asynchronous presentation and discussion
With Symposium, organizers can easily collect, review, and share content in a variety of presentation formats for asynchronous viewing and discussion. It’s the easiest way to bring your community together from around the world, at their convenience, to share the diverse perspectives and ideas that make conversations rich.

Presentations and Commenting
Showcase posters, slide decks, 3D models, essays, reports, exhibits, performances, demos, and more. Participants can come together around content and have lasting conversations via threaded comments.

Abstract Management
A multi-stage workflow for organizers to receive, evaluate, and accept content for presentation at your event. You can recruit reviewers, match reviewers with submissions, create evaluation forms, collect feedback, and advance submissions to the next stage.

Symposium is an innovative tool that will fundamentally change how research is disseminated.

img
Christina Hassija
California State University San Bernardino


Fully integrated live session features
Make connection and conversation easy through seamless live interactions
Our live session features enable organizers to host video conferences, virtual tables, webinars, and live streams directly within the browser on Symposium, without the need for any third-party applications. Live sessions are equipped with a variety of inbuilt features to make sessions engaging and productive.

Video conferencing
Ideal for meetings and group discussions involving all participants.

Virtual tables
Built for networking, as well as topic-based small group discussions.

Webinars and live streams
For keynotes, panels, and more in both virtual and hybrid settings.

Moderator controls and waiting room
Screen sharing
Interactive whiteboard
Raise hand
Group chat
Participant directory
Screen recording
Layout preference options for participants

Designed to maximize visibility and engagement
Take your events to new heights with unlimited reach and extended interactions
Symposium makes it easy for attendees to participate in events, engage others, and sustain interactions that lead to meaningful connections, from wherever they are. You can better involve your organization’s internal community, as well as external partners, donors, recruiters, prospective students, and others.

Secure Public & Private Events
With flexible viewing settings, you can restrict access or make your event visible to the world.

Flexible uptime and digital repository
Keep events and content up for as long as you’d like to sustain continuous interaction. You can also archive events after they have ended within Symposium’s digital repository to preserve a record of event content.

With Symposium, our annual exposition garnered a ~10x increase in traffic relative to our previous in-person sessions. We were able to better involve students on our sister campus in Qatar, and engage prospective students and families in ways that were previously not possible.

img
Megan Wood
Northwestern University


An all-in-one solution
Equipped with a rich feature set to meet your varied needs
img
Registration
Create a custom registration page and custom forms on Symposium to simplify your organizing experience along with the registration and event access for participants.

img
Judging workflow
An end-to-end workflow to help you easily recruit judges, assign them to submitted presentations, create and assign evaluation forms, and moderate and share judging feedback with presenters.

img
Donations engine
A non-intrusive mechanism for you to fundraise and accept gifts from your attendees, partners, and other stakeholders to fundraise for your program or organization, directly from your event site.

img
Data and analytics
Gain insights on presenters, participants, and the interactions during each event to benchmark, strategize, and build even more successful events.

img
Abstract booklet
Conveniently compile a booklet of abstracts and other content from submissions to your event, which you can then customize and publish.

Additional features image
What was an emergency solution quickly became a tremendously valued opportunity to transform our symposia going forward, even when we're back to face-to-face events. We hope to complement traditional presentations with Symposium to expand the audience, engagement, and accessibility for our entire campus community.

img
Jenny Shanahan
Bridgewater State University


Don’t take our word for it
Organizers achieve so much more with Symposium
























See our Case Studies

Build amazing virtual and hybrid experiences
Power all your events with Symposium
Symposium is a versatile platform, capable of hosting all kinds of events. Customize your event to create a unique and impactful experience for all your participants.

Ready to get started?
We offer a variety of packages to meet a range of needs. Once you select your package, you may get started on setting up your first event immediately. We provide a comprehensive set of tutorials and resources so you have everything you need to masterfully craft your event.

Get Started ❯
img
Schedule a demo
Interested in seeing the full capabilities of Symposium and having your questions answered?

Schedule Demo ❯
img
Contact us
If you have custom needs or any questions, feel free to contact us. We’ll be in touch shortly.

Contact Us ❯
Symposium™ by ForagerOne © 2026
AboutContact UsTerms of ServicePrivacy Policy
